I'm a lot like you a fellow beekeeper
who just wants more bees I love my hobby
I love my bees I especially love my own
honey and I have ideas of wanting to
expand my out yard add a few more highs
or a few dozen more hives make a little
more honey so I can make a little more
cash flow does any of this sound
familiar but the rub is buying B's is
expensive you've got to go source your
bees you've got to pay for the bees
you've got to pick the bees up you've
got to install the bees and sometimes
you have disaster you install a package
of bees and they go abscond abscond on
you just money down the drain I've also
tried chasing down swarm calls I got
myself on a swarm list I went and I'd
get false calls I'd get missed calls I
get no calls to be fair I did catch a
few swarms you bring those home and you
can have tragedy strike the swarm that I
installed yesterday might abscond today
and I don't know about you but I take
that kind of personal and at the end of
the year when I added up all the swarms
I got and I kept and I put in my time my
effort my gas money my travel costs my
freebies weren't so free they kind of
were discounted bees but I found a
solution I have found a way to achieve
my goals of increasing my stocks in my
out yard it's called swarm trapping bees
come to your swarm trap and install
themselves then you take them out of the
swarm trap and put them into your own
hive it's really easy and it's fun
basically a swarm trap is a box with a
hole in it it lets the bees install
themselves they're looking for a cavity
you gave them the perfect cavity they
install themselves and they're not going
to abscond
now there's a whole lot more to it like
when and where to put out your swarm
traps how to deal with son how to deal
with light how to deal what not to do
and what to do and how to transfer them
to your hive there's a lot more to it
even beyond that but I cover all that in
the book so don't worry now I have spent
a lot of time researching swarm trapping
and I spent several years experimenting
and old-timers used to use swarm traps
and bait hives to catch their freebies
but some modern advances in our
understanding of bee swarm behavior has
now made a revolution in swarm traffic
and I mean it doubled to almost tripled
the occupancy rate of a swarm trap
versus days of old now I cover this and
the research done by dr. Seeley and
other researchers and I put it and
applied it in the book so you don't the
look at theory and wonder how to use it
already been done in the swarm trapping
design and in the swarm trapping program
I've had wonderful success in recent
years both in good years and in the
terrible drought year we had last year
and I caught bees in all years swarm
trapping works it works for me it'll
work for you it's almost a sport in and
of itself I mean it's like fishing it's
fun you got to try it it's wonderful and
you'll get freebies out of it so if you
want to catch bees for free this is the
book for you below there's a link to the
ebook digital version if you want it
right now and over here should be a link
to the paper version the books about 55
pages full of instructions lots of
information lots of background a
citation of the research stuff if you
want to go look that up and it's about
30 pictures I think so it tells you and
shows you how to do swarm trapping now I
wish you good luck and good beekeeping
and you will catch
forms I promise